Lord Holy King
It's him Ye Rongyuan is here
Suspend all your duties from now on
Go back and reflect on it
Lord Holy King
Is Ye Longyuan making trouble here tonight?
multiply and break
If you still don't understand, get out of the gate of heaven
It's Lord Wang
All of this.
It's all this trash from Yinglong Hospital making trouble here?
Do you get your turn to interrupt?
Go away by yourself
Do you want this king to send you out in person?
Daughter is waiting for me
The heating arrangement is not good
Disturb the Lord God to rest
May God forgive my sins
Long Yuan, is the Lord God inside?
Do you think there is such a possibility?
I am the god you speak of
You're talking nonsense. My grandpa told me
You are the squad leader
Yes
Lord Wang is the squad leader who asked you to tell the Lord God
Ok then you come in with me
Ah!
Luo Yuan, what about the Lord God?
Didn't you say that the Lord God is there?
I said I am the Lord God
What are you looking for me for?
Long Wenyuan, don't joke with me
I really need the water owner to help me get the item back in case
Hello
I have been the president for a long time
Don't worry.
It's on me.
Wan Guohao will not refuse me
true or false?